Copies Atlas CLI commands for release tag: atlascli/v1.40.0 (#947)
mongodb/docs-atlas-cli: source/command/atlas-api-sharedTierRestoreJobs-getSharedClusterBackupRestoreJob.txt

   :depth: 1
   :class: singlecol

`experimental <https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/cli/current/command/atlas-api/>`_: Returns the specified restore job for the specified M2 or M5 cluster.

> To use this resource, the requesting API Key must have the Project Read Only role. This endpoint can also be used on Flex clusters that were created using the createCluster endpoint or former M2/M5 clusters that have been migrated to Flex clusters until January 2026, after which this endpoint will be sunset. Please use the getFlexBackupRestoreJob endpoint instead. This command is invoking the endpoint with OperationID: 'getSharedClusterBackupRestoreJob'. For more information about flags, format of --file and examples, see: https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/reference/api-resources-spec/v2/#tag/Shared-Tier-Restore-Jobs/operation/getSharedClusterBackupRestoreJob

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use this resource, the requesting API Key must have the Project Read Only role. This endpoint can also be used on Flex clusters that were created using the createCluster endpoint or former M2/M5 clusters that have been migrated to Flex clusters until January 2026, after which this endpoint will sunset. Use the getFlexBackupRestoreJob endpoint instead. This command invokes the endpoint with OperationID: 'getSharedClusterBackupRestoreJob'. For more information about flags, format of --file and examples, see: https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/reference/api-resources-spec/v2/#tag/Shared-Tier-Restore-Jobs/operation/getSharedClusterBackupRestoreJob
```
